
In the last step you generated a custom Resource named `Website`. This adds a Golang representation of a Custom Resource Definition (CRD) to your operator scaffolding code.

The CRD is defined first in Golang so that the operator (also written in Golang) can reference the definition.

To install this CRD type into the Kubernetes cluster, it needs to be in YAML format. You will generate that YAML now and it will appear under `config` > `crd` > `bases`. Both the directory and the file inside the directory will get generated by the next command.

Now, lets run the manifests target manually in the `Tab 1` tab to view the Golang translated into yaml:

```bash
make manifests
```{{exec}}

Return to the `Editor` tab to see a new file `killercoda.my.domain_websites` populated in the `config/crd/bases` directory. On line `37`, you will see the website properties found in the `WebsiteSpec` schema. The only property is `foo` and it has used the helpful comment as a property description.

Now it is time to actually put this CRD into your Kubernetes cluster. From the `Tab 1` tab, run the `make install` command to install your new `Website` CRD:

```bash
make install
```{{exec}}

When that finishes, view the newly created CRD in your Kubernetes cluster with the following command:

```bash
kubectl get crds
```{{exec}}

You will see the `websites.killercoda.my.domain` listed at the bottom of the list of CRDs.

You have successfully installed a new Custom Resource Definition onto your Kubernetes cluster! 

Now you will request an instance (or Custom Resource) from this definition. 

First, open a new terminal tab by clicking on the `+` sign next to `Tab 1`, Click on `Tab 2`, and run the command:

```bash
cd ./src; make run
```{{exec}}

Wait for the command to output the following:
```bash
1.6685479895755963e+09  INFO    Starting EventSource    {"controller": "website", "controllerGroup": "killercoda.my.domain", "controllerKind": "Website", "source": "kind source: *v1beta1.Website"}
1.6685479895767684e+09  INFO    Starting Controller     {"controller": "website", "controllerGroup": "killercoda.my.domain", "controllerKind": "Website"}
1.6685479896797793e+09  INFO    Starting workers        {"controller": "website", "controllerGroup": "killercoda.my.domain", "controllerKind": "Website", "worker count": 1}
```

Then, return to the `Tab 1` tab to create a `Website` custom resource object in Kubernetes with the command:

```bash
k apply -f ~/src/config/samples/killercoda_v1beta1_website.yaml
```{{exec}}

List the websites in your cluster with this command:

```bash
k get websites
```

You should see something similar to the following:

```bash
NAME             AGE
website-sample   15s
```